Improve Font Loader Documentation (#1007)
MicroEJ/docs: VEEPortingGuide/uiFontCore.rst

It uses the External Resource Loader.

When a font is located in such memory, the font characters are loaded one by one from the External Memory.

The Font Renderer uses a RAM buffer (External Font Heap) to only contain the font character currently being drawn by the application. 
It is unloaded from RAM when the Font Renderer no longer needs it.

The External Font Heap is stored into a RAM section called ``.bss.microui.display.externalFontsHeap``.
Its size is automatically calculated according to the external fonts used by the firmware.
This size can be checked when enabling the verbose mode when building the application executable:

   .. figure:: images/font-external-font-heap.png
      :alt: External Font Heap size in verbose mode
      :align: center

      External Font Heap size in verbose mode

However, it is possible to change this value by setting the application property ``ej.microui.memory.externalfontsheap.size``.
This option is very useful when building a kernel: the kernel may anticipate the section size required by the features.

.. warning:: When this size is smaller than the size required by an external font, some characters may be not drawn.

> Also, the Font Renderer copies a very short part of the resource (the font file) into a RAM memory (into CPU addresses space range): the font header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, the Font Renderer copies a very short part of the resource (the font file) in RAM (into CPU address space range): the font header.
```

> This header stays located in RAM until the application is using the font.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This header remains located in RAM as long as the application is using the font.
```

> As soon as the application uses another external font, new font replaces the old one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As soon as the application uses another external font, the new font replaces the old one.
```
